PC cases are all the same boring black
boxes IO out the back no that's where
the thermal take Tower 300 comes in
there's eight different colors they've
cut the corners off and all the io
actually comes out the top but I don't
want to build in the blue one this looks
like a fortnite chug jug I want to build
in the pink one Pink's more my color see
I was really interested in the tower 300
mainly because I've actually owned the
tower 900 twice the tower 100 and I've
built in the tower 500 before
but this one I was really attracted to
all the colors they come
in look at that a oh it's got a little
bit of blue it's got a blue inside oh
that looks so awesome it looks like a
cotton candy
machine looks like that b elfing
keyboard so you still got the three
glass panels that the Tower series is
kind of known for but they've again
decided to angle it this way giving you
kind of more of a rounded glass effect
to it instead of having big pillars in
the way and everything is mounted with
all of the I/O at the top so your GPU is
going to be vertical and this is an matx
case even though it's quite large for a
micro case still very excited to get in
here I think you
just oh it's taped I've actually been a
fan of rounded glass style cases for a
while now fantech started rounding their
glasses doing a take on the classic lean
Lee 01 case there we go and I think this
one does it very subtle and I actually
kind of enjoy this rounded look wow
there's a lot of room in here for a
micro ITX case let's get all of
our mounts out
here beautiful so these are all the
plates and the screws to hold everything
on as
well as in
here there's this little plate which can
actually replace the front plate and you
can put a screen there why because you
want to it also apparently comes with a
stand which I'm told we have that can
mount your computer at a weird angle
like this taking up 90% of your desk
that's fine though let's
uh can you cut that
out for front I/O you've got your power
button your reset button your mic
headphone jack two USB 3 ports and a USB
type-c enough I/O I would like four USB
ports but that's kind of just a nitpicky
thing for me underneath this it actually
comes with thermal takes 2 140 mm fans
the airflow design of this case is it
takes everything in from the bottom and
the sides and the idea hot air rises so
they want to shoot it all out the top
it's got these thumb screws on the top
that they claim are tooless
but I'll use a tool just to get it
started nope okay we're going all the
way there we go there's that one the
other side
here oh seems like they're captive
that's great and this whole thing just
tilts up and this is where you're going
to be able to access you know plugging
in a USB drive or plugging in your
cables bit inconvenient but it gives a
really clean look when all the cables
just come out the back like this and
this whole case is very easy to build in
because every single side can just all
come apart like
this until you're all the way in and oh
my goodness you have like 720° worth of
working room to really be able to get in
there and plug in your cables wait what
720° yeah because you don't have
360 yes so you would go
less which is 720 720 is 2 full
circles oh I meant
270 can you cut that out and like I
mentioned all the air is meant to come
in the bottom here so every little one
of these sides has a tiny little dust
filter on all of them here here here
some at the bottom which can flip that
and get at oh perfect just take this out
once a year two years give it a little
bit of a wave slot it back in perfect
and the back one is even magnetic as
well makes it nice and easy to clean
these bottom ones a little bit harder to
reach at but that's okay let's tuck it
back in there what the heck it was bad
design totally wasn't user error you
have to slide in one side first then it
magnets down I was doing it the opposite
way it was user error oh wow never mind
the whole back panel comes off too dang
it's just a shell of itself now it
weighs like nothing all your cables for
your front IO one rubber grommet for all
the cable management your fans came down
the side here power supply mounts at the
bottom of this case and then everything
can tuck up behind the motherboard just
like a traditional PC there's room for
two drives back here either 2.5 or 3.5
but if that's not enough storage for you
there's actually one more little Mount
right here for a 3.5 or a 2.5 I've heard
online though that apparently if you
have a full 420 mm radiator here fitting
a 3.5 Drive might be a little tough but
the fact that you can fit a 420 mm
Radiator in an matx case is kind of wild
already now that I've torn it all apart
it's time to build a PC in it but not
before I tell you about our sponsor
thanks to LG for sponsoring this video
upgrade your home entertainment
experience with LG's OLED TVs they have
a variety of display types that will fit
your needs and budget from the more
wallet friendly mid-range B series to
the absolute baller Z series I mean just
look at the Z3 8K 77in monster do you
need it maybe not does it dwarf what you
have right now probably so whether
you're a gamer that needs Ultra fast
response time or a cinema Enthusiast
looking for crystal clear clear picture
quality LG's OLED TVs are there to
provide depth detail and high resolution
on a grand scale check them out today
using our Link in the description before
I even start not super happy all the
screws are just in one baggie that I
just have to sift
through in goes our motherboard we got
an matx we're going to try to fit
as wait I went to put the motherboard in
I was putting it the like this way cuz
I'm figuring this is the back no the
io's got to go at the top we got our
matx Asus board here with a ryzen
7900x line it all
up
oh you might have to be careful about
that this standoff is actually not on
this motherboard there's no hole right
there which means if I had screwed that
down I could have shorted the board so
I'm going to have to remove my Center
standoff here your motherboard may vary
on that but you might want to double
check before you start
building there we go oh I dropped it
I'll get it later there we go now it's
resting on all the standoffs oh I forgot
to put the SSD
in oh actually never mind it's right
there
Boop man having this case so open like
this makes it just so easy to work in
and oh it's great man it's got the
radiator support but it's got all the
room for a big cooler which one do you
guys want to
do yeah okay we'll go with
nocta make sure you install your cooler
back plate before you put the
motherboard in otherwise you got to do a
little bit of finagling but two those
thumb screws and you can actually remove
the hard drive Mount so that's kind of
good and then we get all the access to
the back panel there oh there we go this
is a chonker of a cooler I need to put
thermal paste
on one moment please thanks
B all right apparently this case
supports up to 210 mm tall coolers which
is very large again for a small form
factor case and the air flow goes from
bottom up so we're still going to want
to position our fan this way it blocks
the GPU well that was a fun experiment
to see that it will fit the air cooler
uh but we're removing it because if you
look closely you can actually kind of
see that the cooler here is cutting off
the GPU Riser so we won't be able to
slaughter GPU
in you know what feel like I should just
go with liquid cooling let's open this
up all right now let's take out the
removable bracket slide our radiator
bracket out dang can fit a lot of
radiator in this bad boy there's also
another radiator slot you could take out
the fans here and put it up top we're
going to pounce it on the side it's
going to look a little nicer that way I
think the best part about this radiator
install boom once you got it in there
it's just those two screws again if I
wanted to Cable manage it behind it's a
little tough
there well thankfully take off this
radiator just like that this is going to
be such a small nitpick but if you're
going to go through the trouble of
coloring the inside of your case why
can't you color the pcie brackets oh
there we
goo that might be one of the snuggest
fits I have ever had to do for a
GPU I actually kind of like the look of
that time to start closing up some
panels here boom hide my lack of cable
management all right oh that went that
went on super easy oh there's my magnets
it's kind of nice actually I didn't even
realize that when I took them off man I
love this GPU orientation I think it's
the reason I love these Tower series so
much as gpus have gotten heavier and
heavier they've all started to Sag right
when they're on your motherboard there's
no sag with this takes all the stress
off of it one more thing just before we
finish up we got to swap out our front
panel you get the screen goes on there
two little screw holes that should be
nice and easy how does this screen come
off oh man all tooless ah
oh that looks cute $90 for the screen
though maybe not worth it but I think it
looks cool one thing I was just going to
ask you know how it's bad heebies to
like close the side panel before you
boot which side panel there's eight of
them there we
go
oh yeah dang oh man I love this so much
we'll see how it looks when it turns on
Moment of Truth
one moment
please moment of Deuce there we go who
the screen oh yeah little thermatic logo
one thing to point out we actually have
these radiator fans pushing out the side
here normally on their website they
describe it as pulling in the sides
pulling in the bottom and then out the
top and back but that's how they came
installed on this rad so man I think
this is in the end why I just love the
thermal take Tower designs it takes your
traditional PC and flips it on its side
speaking of which for $30 oh it's kind
of a chunker you can
actually uh lay
it oh
yeah that looks awesome the $30 kit does
come with a color match bottom but we
ordered the hydrangea blue one so it
doesn't quite match our build I mean we
could take the top off that one and put
it here if we wanted to and then we got
two blue caps but I think the sideways
look is honestly maybe the way to go for
this if you have the desk base that's a
big ask big desk is what you need to get
this
working I think it looks really cool on
the side though overall I actually
really enjoyed building in this but
again I might have a little bias
building in the tower systems before and
being this kind of unique case you're
either going to love it or hate it
thankfully it does add that
customization if you want to go vertical
or horizontal for
$150 I think the price is actually
totally reasonable personally for a case
that definitely had to go under a lot of
R&D to make it all work like this having
eight different color options is really
cool as well you can do so many
different kind of themed builds you can
maybe make this one like diva from
OverWatch or Bumblebee from Transformers
I I love the different colors instead of
just the typical white and black that
we're used to make sure you guys like
comment subscribe if you're looking for
another weird case to look at maybe look
at the one plof built it was called the
P it's like origami kind of weird